LATEX does not have precognitive abilities. If you put
a\labelcommand before the command that updates the
counter it’s supposed to be using, the label will pick up the
last counter to be cross referenced instead. In particular, a
\labelcommand should not go before the caption of a
figure or a table.
Do not use\nonumberinside the{array}en-
vironment. It will not stop equation numbers inside
{array}(there won’t be any anyway) and it might stop
a wanted equation number in the surrounding equation.
E. Some Common Mistakes
•The word “data” is plural, not singular.
•The subscript for the permeability of vacuumµ 0,
and other common scientific constants, is zero with
subscript formatting, not a lowercase letter “o”.
•In American English, commas, semicolons, periods,
question and exclamation marks are located within
quotation marks only when a complete thought or
name is cited, such as a title or full quotation. When
quotation marks are used, instead of a bold or italic
typeface, to highlight a word or phrase, punctuation
should appear outside of the quotation marks. A par-
enthetical phrase or statement at the end of a sentence
is punctuated outside of the closing parenthesis (like
this). (A parenthetical sentence is punctuated within
the parentheses.)
•A graph within a graph is an “inset”, not an “in-
sert”. The word alternatively is preferred to the word
“alternately” (unless you really mean something that
alternates).
•Do not use the word “essentially” to mean “approxi-
mately” or “effectively”.
•In your paper title, if the words “that uses” can
accurately replace the word “using”, capitalize the “u”;
if not, keep using lower-cased.
•Be aware of the different meanings of the homo-
phones “affect” and “effect”, “complement” and “com-
pliment”, “discreet” and “discrete”, “principal” and
“principle”.
•Do not confuse “imply” and “infer”.
•The prefix “non” is not a word; it should be joined to
the word it modifies, usually without a hyphen.
•There is no period after the “et” in the Latin abbrevi-
ation “et al.”.
•The abbreviation “i.e.” means “that is”, and the abbre-
viation “e.g.” means “for example”.
An excellent style manual for science writers is [7].
F . Authors and Affiliations
The class file is designed for, but not limited to,
six authors.A minimum of one author is required for all
conference articles. Author names should be listed starting
from left to right and then moving down to the next line.
This is the author sequence that will be used in future
citations and by indexing services. Names should not be
listed in columns nor group by affiliation. Please keep your
affiliations as succinct as possible (for example, do not
differentiate among departments of the same organization).
G. Identify the Headings
Headings, or heads, are organizational devices that
guide the reader through your paper. There are two types:
component heads and text heads.
Component heads identify the different components
of your paper and are not topically subordinate to each
other. Examples include Acknowledgments and References
and, for these, the correct style to use is “Heading 5”. Use
“figure caption” for your Figure captions, and “table head”
for your table title. Run-in heads, such as “Abstract”, will
require you to apply a style (in this case, italic) in addition
to the style provided by the drop down menu to differentiate
the head from the text.
Text heads organize the topics on a relational, hierar-
chical basis. For example, the paper title is the primary text
head because all subsequent material relates and elaborates
on this one topic. If there are two or more sub-topics,
the next level head (uppercase Roman numerals) should
be used and, conversely, if there are not at least two sub-
topics, then no subheads should be introduced.