and text fonts are prescribed; please do not alter them.
You may note peculiarities. For example, the head margin
measures proportionately more than is customary. This
measurement and others are deliberate, using specifications
that anticipate your paper as one part of the entire proceed-
ings, and not as an independent document. Please do not
revise any of the current designations.
VI. PREPAREYOURPAPERBEFORESTYLING
Before you begin to format your paper, first write
and save the content as a separate text file. Complete all
content and organizational editing before formatting. Please
note sections VI-A to VI-H below for more information on
proofreading, spelling and grammar.
Keep your text and graphic files separate until after
the text has been formatted and styled. Do not number text
heads—L ATEX will do that for you.
A. Abbreviations and Acronyms
Define abbreviations and acronyms the first time they
are used in the text, even after they have been defined
in the abstract. Abbreviations such as IEEE, SI, MKS,
CGS, ac, dc, and rms do not have to be defined. Do
not use abbreviations in the title or heads unless they are
unavoidable.
B. Units
•Use either SI (MKS) or CGS as primary units. (SI
units are encouraged.) English units may be used as
secondary units (in parentheses). An exception would
be the use of English units as identifiers in trade, such
as “3.5-inch disk drive”.
•Avoid combining SI and CGS units, such as current
in amperes and magnetic field in oersteds. This often
leads to confusion because equations do not balance
dimensionally. If you must use mixed units, clearly
state the units for each quantity that you use in an
equation.
•Do not mix complete spellings and abbreviations of
units: “Wb/m 2” or “webers per square meter”, not
“webers/m2”. Spell out units when they appear in text:
“. . . a few henries”, not “. . . a few H”.
•Use a zero before decimal points: “0.25”, not “.25”.
Use “cm3”, not “cc”.)
C. Equations
Number equations consecutively. To make your equa-
tions more compact, you may use the solidus ( / ), the exp
function, or appropriate exponents. Italicize Roman sym-
bols for quantities and variables, but not Greek symbols.
Use a long dash rather than a hyphen for a minus sign.
Punctuate equations with commas or periods when they
are part of a sentence, as in:
a+b=γ(12)
Be sure that the symbols in your equation have been
defined before or immediately following the equation. Use
“(12)”, not “Eq. (12)” or “equation (12)”, except at the
beginning of a sentence: “Equation (12) is . . .”
D. LATEX-Specific Advice
Please use “soft” (e.g.,\eqref{Eq}) cross refer-
ences instead of “hard” references (e.g.,(1)). That will
make it possible to combine sections, add equations, or
change the order of figures or citations without having to
go through the file line by line.
Please don’t use the{eqnarray}equation environ-
ment. Use{align}or{IEEEeqnarray}instead. The
{eqnarray}environment leaves unsightly spaces around
relation symbols.
Please note that the{subequations}environment
in LATEX will increment the main equation counter even
when there are no equation numbers displayed. If you
forget that, you might write an article in which the equation
numbers skip from (17) to (20), causing the copy editors
to wonder if you’ve discovered a new method of counting.
BIBTEX does not work by magic. It doesn’t get the
bibliographic data from thin air but from .bib files. If you
use BIBTEX to produce a bibliography you must send the
.bib files.
LATEX can’t read your mind. If you assign the same
label to a subsubsection and a table, you might find that
Table I has been cross referenced as Table IV-B3.